|  Key  |  Value  |  
|  ---  |  ---  |  
|  Date:   |  8-01-2025  |  
|  Time:  |  15:45-16:30  |  
|  Location:   |  DW PC1 Cubicle 13  |  
|  Chair  |  Miłosz Dudała  |  
|  Minute  Taker  |  Mihai Popa  |  
|  Attendees:   |  Roy, Jay, Amin  |  

# Agenda  Items:  
-  Opening  by  chair  (1  min)  
-  Check - in:  How  is  everyone  doing?  (1  min)  
-  Announcements by the team  (1 min)  
-  Approval  of  the  agenda  -  Does  anyone  have  any  additions?  (1  min)  
-  Approval  of  last  minutes  -  Did  everyone  read  the  minutes  from  the  previous  meeting?  (1  min)  

-  Announcements  by  the  TA  (2  min)  
-  Presentation  of  the  current  app  to  TA  (3  min)  

-  Talking  Points:  (22 min)	
	- **Technology formative feedback:** What should we improve? Are we satisfied with our grade? - *Discuss* (3 min)
	- **Pass/Fail requirements:** Does everybody satisfy individual pass or fail requirements (e.g. 100 lines per week, 100 lines for server/client etc.)? What should we do about that? - *Discuss* (3 min)
	- **Bugs:** Did anyone find any bugs in our app? How can we fix them? - *Discuss/brainstorm* (4 min)
	- **Additional features:** Which additional features do we want to implement? Which should we implement this week, which later? - *Discuss* (4 min)
	- **Issues** What issues do we need to create and how do we distribute them? - *Brainstorm* (8 min)
-  Summarize  action  points :  Who,  what,  when?  (5  min) 
 
-  Feedback  round:  What  went  well  and  what  can  be  improved  next  time ?  (3  min)  
-  Planned  meeting  duration  !=  actual  duration ?  Where / why  did  you  mis - estimate?  (2  min)  
-  Question  round:  Does  anyone  have  anything  to  add  before  the  meeting  closes?  (2  min)  
-  Closure  (1  min)

## Meeting notes

- 15:46: How is everyone doing?
- 15:47: Agenda and last minutes
- 15:50: Code contribution & Planning
	- we have to go through each criteria 
	- some criteria are really easy to fix, we should start with those:
		- milestones on gitlab
		- time management/estimates
- 15:52: Pass or Fail
	- Due to the pipeline issues, we are not yet sure who got a knockout criteria this week.
	- We shouldn't merge MRs until we are sure that everyone in the team has both a comment and an approval ( ! **multiple approvals can be given to the same MR** ! )
- 15:55: Any bugs?
	- Notes can have an empty title (Milosz will fix this)
- 15:56: Features
	- Embedded file
		- Server part: done
		- issues on gitlab
	- Live language switch:
		- We should do that at the end so that all functionality is taken into account;
- 16:00: Creating issues
	- Collections are done (besides the fact that they should be able to be stored on different severs)
	- Users should start in an empty note window until they select a collection
	- Adding a tag common class
	- tag functionality (dropdown menus)
	- links between notes 
- 16:18: Summary: We will discuss these issues on whatsapp so that Derin can also have a say in the matter
- 16:19: Feedback:
	- The chair led the meeting well 
	- We should all have better studied the rubric items for our grading
- 16:21: Questions? 
- 16:22: End of Meeting
