|  Key  | Value               |  
|  ---  |---------------------|  
|  Date:   | 15-01-2025          |  
|  Time:  | 15:45-16:30         |  
|  Location:   | DW PC1 Cubicle 13   |  
|  Chair  | Derin Aksan         |  
|  Minute  Taker  | Jay                 |  
|  Attendees:   | Amin, Miłosz, Mihai |  

# Agenda  Items: 

-  Opening  by  chair  (1  min)
-  Check - in:  How  is  everyone  doing?  (1  min)
-  Announcements by the team  (1 min)
-  Approval  of  the  agenda  -  Does  anyone  have  any  additions?  (1  min)
-  Approval  of  last  minutes  -  Did  everyone  read  the  minutes  from  the  previous  meeting?  (1  min)
-  Announcements  by  the  TA  (2  min)
-  Presentation  of  the  current  app  to  TA  (3  min)

-  Talking  Points:  (22 min)
   - Technology Feedback: What can we improve? Are we satisfied with our grade? (Discuss - 3 min)
   - Pass/Fail: Does everyone meet individual pass/fail requirements (Discuss - 1 min)
   - 2 new gradings: implemented features and usability (Discuss - 3 min)
   - Bugs: Has anyone found bugs in the app? How can we address them? (Brainstorm - 2 min)
   - What needs to be added additionally on server? (Brainstorm - 1 min)
   - Features: What additional features should we implement? Are we satisfied with what we achieved so far (Discuss - 4 min)
   - Issues: Divide and assign tasks fairly. Consider creating new ones. (Decide/Discuss - 2 min)
   - UI Feedback: Are we happy with the current UI? How are we planning to do adding files and does it work OK (Decide - 1 min)
   - Action Summary: Who does what by when? (Summarize - 2 min)
   - Final Action Summary: Assign tasks and deadlines. (Summarize - 3 min)


-  Feedback  round:  What  went  well  and  what  can  be  improved  next  time ?  (3  min)
-  Planned  meeting  duration  !=  actual  duration ?  Where / why  did  you  mis - estimate?  (2  min)
-  Question  round:  Does  anyone  have  anything  to  add  before  the  meeting  closes?  (2  min)
-  Closure  (1  min) 

## Meeting notes
- 15:51: Opening and check-in on everyone.
- 15:53: Approval of agenda and last minutes.
- 15:54: Announcements by TA
   - Next week there will be warnings based on the 600 line and 100 server + client line criteria. (The normal knockout criteria still counts)
- 15:59: Technology feedback
   - We are satisfied with the basic requirements, but we have to fix a few bugs.
- 16:02: Pass or fail
   - Jay failed due to not approving a merge request.
- 16:03: Bugs
   - Bug 1: The content doesn't get updated if the string is too large.
   - Bug 2: Recursive bug when calling equals method with note or collection. (Already fixed)
- 16:06: Features
   - Embedded files
     - Only the front end
   - Automated synchronization
   - Live Language Switch
- 16:08: Issues
   - Implementing the front end of the embedded files.
   - Live language switch.
   - Auto synchronization.
   - Keyboard shortcuts.
- 16:20: Summary
   - Mihai will work on auto synchronization.
   - Amin will work on the front end of the embedded images.
   - Derin will work on the live language switch.
   - Miłosz will work on the keyboard shortcuts.
   - Jay will work on fixing bugs and the image buttons for the embedded files.
- 16:23: Feedback round
   - Agenda should've been added a lot earlier.
- 16:24: Question round
   - Do we have a meeting next week? - Yes.
- 16:26: Closure

